Topic # 46 People are worse at multitasking than they think
Embelishment
	I picked this topic mainly because I had already discussed multitasking last week in my post about Topic #42. I have a real-life example of me trying to multitask and absolutely failing at it last week. My team decided to shut down our existing 3rd-party code-scanning tool and replace it with GitHub Advanced Security Code Scanning. It will absolutely have an excellent impact on us in the long term. In the short term, I am having to go through our Classic Build and Deployment pipelines and convert them into YAML pipelines. I work on a program that expects monthly updates. That meant I had only one week to convert more than 9 different pipelines into YAML and have them successfully build and deploy using that YAML. I started by having each pipeline worked on solely. The issue is the wait time for ADO to complete the pipeline builds and deployments. When each step can take up to 10 minutes, I started working on multiple pipelines quite quickly. What I failed to do was focus primarily on a single pipeline, which caused me to forget where I was at each step and to miss steps that needed to be run. One pipeline I almost forgot to add a production deployment stage to, I got so turned around.

Visualization
The visual example I chose for this is a short couple-minute video explaining how trying to multitask does not work. It bascially sums up the book and the point I tried to make above very nicely.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMiyzuO1qMs